Description
Critical Reading Discussion: Does Trying to Be Happy Make Us Unhappy?

✍ Submit: Critical Reading Discussion (Due:8/22)

Note: Before you can complete this assignment, make sure that you have read Adam Grant's "Does Trying to Be Happy Make Us Happy".

Two key parts of critical reading include reading actively and understanding what you read.

For this discussion, answer ALL of the following:

 

When you read actively you read for comprehension, for understanding. To do that, you must first be sure you understand the writer's main point.   Often readers mistake a work's title for the main idea; the two are not necessarily the same.  Read Adam Grant's article more than once if needed to make sure you understand it.  What did you determine was the main point of Grant's article? In other words, what is he attempting to convince you of?
Re-read any passages in Grant's article that you found difficult to understand or parts that you did not completely comprehend. After all, you can't have an opinion of the article if you don't completely understand it.  Explain whether you agree or disagree with Grant's article. Make sure to move beyond a simple "I agree" or "I disagree".  Explain why you agree or disagree. It's even okay to disagree with some parts and agree with others, but be specific about what those parts are and why you disagree or agree. In your answer to this part of the prompt, find and include one specific quote from Grant's article to show us either an aspect of the work you agreed with or an aspect you disagreed with.  Include a reference (or works cited) at the end of your response. If you are not quite sure what a reference (or works cited) is, click on the following link: MLA Works Cited. Do your best with the reference—your grade won't be affected if you get this part wrong. This is my attempt to find out how much you already know about citing sources.
Once you have posted your response to the above, take a look at what your classmates posted.  Respond to at least one classmate. Make the reply something of substance (more than "good job" or "I like what you wrote"). Try to keep the conversation going.
To post: click Start a New Thread
To reply: click on your classmate's post title